[Music]
so tell me tell you what about last
night I meet this girl she gets drunk I
get drunk we go back to my place
Bernie's got a pair it's ladies night
I'm damn I'm talking dirty
I am impressing myself I made it feel
like good neva hung in the balance you
need to go meet a nice-looking female
take her back to your place
turn around you know what your problem
is you're too damn good-looking but best
thing that can happen to your face is an
industrial action this is my roommate
Debbie Sullivan this is Danny Meyer nice
to meet you
I can't believe I slept with him on the
first day tell me everything
his eyes his body his bow he did it look
what I'm shaking your hand why Debbie
man how do you know this the roommates
you girl my girl she's not my girl
did you sex is Danny I don't have her
you want to get it that's all that stuff
you did last night she gonna find you
I'm gonna be a good friend and pretend
like you didn't just say that I'm gonna
be a good friend I got a CD check
Facebook for a friend requests what are
you a 13 year old girl I am I get on top
you gotta get on top that the last time
Rock Paper Scissors loser get all
alright that's a tat so we gotta go from
the side women approach that phrase with
tactical strategy normally reserved for
an anti-terror strike team this is no
accident that was ambushed this was
definitely a disaster isn't that bad to
be the first one to say yes it is
whoever says I love you first cares more
let's just disappear join witness
protection because you're screwed
he broke up with me she broke up with me
who are you waving those singles at
jealous there ain't no magic in that
mini mic I feel like it's because of her
I'm kind of jealous I'm really happy for
you good
hell no it's a stupid
oh you look good looks really good hey
listen to me the food is fire do not
swallow the food yo where does she not
looking spitting in the bag
get low do it fast cuz the food eat your
bags you'll smell you and y'all that's
right
[Music]